__label__ProductQuality __label__QualityOfService "Loved the product, but when it broke down I sought for ways to get help and the tech support required a ridiculous amount of information. I couldn't even register my product to be able to ask a question about how to make it work because I didn't have an invoice for it.   I just want help getting my laptop to start up again..."
__label__ProductQuality "I've had four different MSI products over the years and have recommended way more to friends and family and never had a problem! MSI makes perfect quality products that are unparalleled. Most cases where I here people are having issues are the ones who improperly build and install the products they buy."
__label__ProductQuality "Having had two Razer Raiju controllers both with L3 button faults I couldn’t recommend anyone to buy a Razer Raiju. For £200 controllers the look and feel is great but they are let down by this well known issue and no support. Support make it as difficult as they can to resolve any issue asking for several types of videos. Heading back over to Scuff"
__label__QualityOfService "Worst company I've ever dealt with. Bought the Razer phone 1 beginning of May. Simple phone features didn't even work. About the only thing the ""phone"" could do was play games. Even then it'd crash randomly. I've contacted them countless times with no replies for weeks. They stalled me for six months,ago telling me that there would be an update. The update only ended up making my phone worse. It's November and I finally received another phone after paying for the advanced replacement, and now they're not responding again when trying to send it back. They charged me twice and disappeared both times. Bunch of lying, thieving, pieces of garbage. Nobody should purchase any of their products and hopefully they go bankrupt.  I work in retail and this is hands down the worst customer service I have ever seen. EVER."
__label__ProductQuality "I believe that the Razer Ornata Chroma is a very good gaming keyboard. The Razer Ornata Chroma has mid-height keys that allow for a faster response time when you are playing games.  I think we all can agree that when you are doing something you want it to be the most efficient it can. The Razer Ornata Chroma gives you that by giving fast times for gaming and this allows you to get an edge on whatever you are doing. You really want the Razer Ornata Chroma if you game at all because it gives you an enjoyable time."
__label__QualityOfService "Bought a lot of products from EU razer directly and only one product died. Warranty team replied on email in 24 hours accepted warranty and all went good. Received brand new keyboard back. Support team is very friendly and helpful especially live chat. Only thing i dont like is when you buy from Razer Europe store your package is shipped from Hong Kong. Took them 10 days to ship package to my home. Also dealing with customs is hell especially in my country (all went good but wasted so much time phone calls sending documents etc..) This is only downside and i give them 4 stars because of it."
__label__ProductQuality "Every product I got from razer was amazing from start to finish. Idk many company’s who would be willing to help out under those circumstances. I have the black widow chroma v2 never had a problem with it! I have the razer siren x never had a problem. Razer kraken pros are a amazing headset I recommend every person gets. Also have 2 razer mouses a Naga chroma and a razer deathadder chroma both wonderful mouses! Razer is the best company for gaming products period."
__label__ProductQuality "I've been with Razer since 2010, I think. Really loved the products, idea and so on. I have a lot of Razer stuff, but the keyboard I just bought made a final blow to my hard: it died in a three weeks after a purchase. A truly frustrating experience. I'll probably stick with a Logitech next time."
__label__ProductQuality __label__QualityOfService "Stay away from the Razer Phone 1 and honestly with having three of these sitting I my office all faulty and they can't bother to do a damn thing to help but they come out with a number 2 for 800 without helping their customers or fixing their issues stay away from the Razer Phone 2. I will be informing my 100k+ YouTube subscribers to stay away from this company entirely and I implore all hard working Americans to avoid Razer entirely. Let's show them with our wallets that they cannot take our hard earned money and offer us nothing in return and get away with it. My new goal for my youtube channel is to destroy inform Americans of this awful companies behavior and devices and make Razer a thing of the past. I will also be at Quakecon and all of my other gaming and tech events telling all my viewers friends and peers to stay away from Razer products. Good riddance to bad rubbish."
__label__QualityOfService "I honestly do not recommend shopping at razer.com, I ordered a mouse, I paid the entire order, including the shipping fee. I have not received the item purchased for over a month, and what's more the support team is just plain crooks. For 3 weeks I have been trying unsuccessfully to recover my money, but in feedback I received information that I can receive a gift coda, however, it will not include the shipping fee, so I will have to pay it again ... Until today I have not received any product or money, and support team continues to write that I have to wait another 2-3 business days for a response. CHEATING THE CUSTOMERS, I DO NOT RECOMMEND"
__label__ProductQuality "I got my mouse and mousepad. It's excellent and I am so happy with it. I'm thinking to order a headset next but can't decide which one haha! A great company."
__label__QualityOfService "Called my bank the next morning and the funds had indeed been removed from my account. No email regarding shipment or verification or purchase. You've for sure lost a customer here and you'll never get it back. Don't buy things from this website, they're shady thieves and will not issue a refund to me."
__label__ProductQuality "I bought MSI GeForce GTX 1050 Ti DirectX 12 GTX 1050 TI 4GT LP from newegg.ca and owned the product for 15 months. Recently one fan started making some noise. After PC case disassembly, I discovered that one fan failed and did not rotate smoothly and ultimately had to be replaced."
__label__QualityOfService "Absolutely pathetic the way these people handle (or don't handle) support issues! Their product quality is extremely bad now, too, which is more in need of solid support! It seems they are throwing machines together without proper testing and have gotten a terrible batch of keyboards. This has been going on for over a year in forum but no one to reply. The only option is for them to ""Shotgun"" the problem by replacing the keyboard, presumably with the same bad ones because people are screaming that they get their machines back and 2 weeks later the problem is back again! The majority of PCs they make will have some keyboard issue within the first 6 months of use, THE MAJORITY! They don't have any answer or solution, though this appears to be a top issue, and no local repair. So, you have to bounce your machine back and forth across the country and get it back without the problem solved. Their support ticket system is horrendous in itself! They dump put way too many detailed options that you are supposed to select from under each pull down tab as you fill out sections to the trouble ticket. There are some OLD machine part numbers and some 200 other options to sift through for each option, and you are supposed to read each one and select one that matches your trouble, your machine, your motherboard and about 20 other options where literally NONE of the choices match. This looks like a kindergarten operation when you see this and suddenly you begin to understand where underlying problems are in the company! THEY ARE EVERYWHERE!!! This is the case with the entire ticket system, and a 12-year old could instigate a better system or just clean this one up to make it more usable and not more aggravating!! It's been this way for years and no one bothers to fix it, so you get the mentality of how they deal with ALL problems and whyt they aren't being fixed either! It looks like an operation that is working out of their GARAGE!! The login knows all of this detailed information about your machine already because you registered your machine and it shows all these detailed options. But, the trouble ticket has none of these options to select and not well integrated with the website. There is not even an ""Other"" or ""Not listed"" choice, and no way to auto-fill the options. It's the most ridiculous I've seen, that they would even show this to customers and ask them to use this? It's misdirected, broken, and doesn't speak well for the company! I would be embarrassed! Further, almost everything else on the website auto-fills this information or gives you options to select which machine you have registered with them. But, not in the most important instance, like trouble tickets. The forum is laughable, too! There is never an MSI rep to answer or provide help, they never even look at the forum, so you just have people with problems, some for over a year, complaining to each other, some with ""try this and try that"", and no real help from MSI, ever! The biggest issue are basic keyboard problems and keys not working. People have indicated that the keys work on Linux OS, but not windows, so it would say possible software issue, maybe the BIOS, a Driver or other software settings issue. The only thing MSI is doing for these problems, according to numerous recent forum complaints, is asking you to send the machine to them, MSI shotguns the problem by replacing the keyboard, and you get your machine back that still has the problem and the 5 weeks you were without your machine has done NOTHING to fix the problem! Nothing can be more aggravating and losing customers faster than this! I want to fly out there and wring their scrawny necks for lying to me, promising a supervisor will call me back, and never getting the courtesy of a returned call after telling me they will call or look into the problem. This is just a small taste of the general B.S. they impose on customers. They don't realize they are destroying their customer base and repeat customers! They instead hide from customer problems and provide canned responses that don't help. Obviously, they are throwing machines together so quickly without proper testing and they have some major Keyboard problems with every model! People on the forum are complaining about getting the same problem back after sending their machine in, bouncing it across the country and back, and 2 weeks later they have the same problem! This will be my first and last MSI laptop! Pathetic is the best way to describe them and the best they can do, and they don't seem to care either way! This is unacceptable behavior from you, MSI! The rest of us do care, particular with the price we pay to have what should be a better machine and reasonable support! You did this to yourself! Rest in peace MSI!"
__label__QualityOfService "To be honest, I hate their support. Sometimes I wonder if they got an education within service and sale, or just hire people ""who know much about the gaming industry"".  I had a problem with updating the BIOS (didn't know how to update bios), so I asked the support, and a week later, I got an email where they just redirected me to the driver page. I later found out there was a mini-instruction there, but did they tell me there was a instruction there? No.  I followed the instruction, and on the last part, I had trouble flashing the file. So I asked the support at again, and waited in many weeks. I wondered why I didn't get any answers, so I checked my support history on MSI Support page, and found out they had deleted my support ticket. They get two stars just because my MSI Nightblade I purchased was incredible."
__label__ProductQuality "Just awful, laptop develops fault after one month. They take a month to repair and within a day the same problem happens again. AVOID AT ALL COSTS. Cheaper laptops have had for years and no problems. Go for an expensive one and just awful.  Thankfully AO intervened and have sent back and exchanged for an HP."
__label__QualityOfService "Customer service does respond to your problem but it is not very helpful. First off, I bought a notebook which, I later found out, suffers (as many MSI notebooks do) from their cheap fans. after a couple of months both my fans are very loud and rattle all over the place and so I thought: ""fudge, 1300 EUR down the drain, but maybe I replace the heat sink (because you can't just replace the cheap fans, no, you have tro replace the entire heatsink which will cost over a hundred 100 EUR). anyways, contacting MSI to ask where the hell can I get the proper heatsink gets you provided with a link  to a side which seems to be not updated since 2009 and surprise, no matching heatsink. thanks for nothing. Oh, and did I mention the first question from MSI support after describing my problem was ""did you update your BIOS?"" this may work with people who have no clue about the hardware they're using, but this is an insult and a shady business practice for they KNOW exactly what faulty products they ship. well, I guess lesson learnend. I recommend to AVOID MSI if you're not pooping money out of your buttocks. and of course I don't send my notebook to Poland or some country far a f-ing away to just get the same worthless fans replaced again as so many people told that this took place."
__label__QualityOfService "Appalling customer support. Will stay clear of MSI in the future."
__label__QualityOfService "Has anyone EVER managed to register a product with them for warranty? I doubt it. An hour of hunting down random serial numbers from random locations as well as uploading a receipt then reformatting said receipt to finally get a red dragon and an exclamation mark, no idea what that means but i assume not good. Go to old fashioned mail the card inside the box? Guess what? You need the retailer to stamp the card! The ONLINE RETAILER! Clearly a way of scamming your way out of warranty which begs the question, why would you need to unless your products are poor quality."
__label__ProductQuality "MSI makes great motherboards, bought a MSI 970 motherboard and i can't complain. $100 well spent!! best motherboard I ever used"
__label__ProductQuality "Finally a company that is geared around the user! I bought a gaming motherboard and graphics card from MSI (off of amazon BTW) and the computer I'm using right now is that same computer(just for perspective.). One thing that would be nice thought is if they gave the drivers to you on a USB but its my fault my DVD/CD drive doesn't work"
__label__ProductQuality "I own a Zenfone  3Max phone:  The phone is buggy, with many small but annoying problems occurring frequently.  Reliability is dismal - the fingerprint sensor, a critical element of the phone,  worked intermittently and stopped working completely after 14 months of use. The cost of troubleshooting ($60) and repair ($110) of the out of warranty device exceeds the price of a brand-new  Zenfone  (not that I would consider touching their junk again). Decided to get rid of it and found out instructions on backing up the device are nowhere to be found. Awful documentation, both the printed and online instructions appear totally unrelated to the device allegedly written for. An inexpensive phone that is truly worthless!"
__label__ProductQuality __label__QualityOfService "Just bought a tablet from amazon asus tablet, 1 month later tablet won't charge, sent in for repair and asus comes back and will not cover warranty, they said it was my fault.  pin connectors where you plug in charger were all damaged. they want to charge me $76  dollars.  I would not recommend  this company they do not uphold their Warranty policy."
__label__QualityOfService "I guess I should have just come here to read these reviews. ASUS has the worst customer service I've ever experienced. Just a bunch of computer nerds stuck in a basement with absolutely no people skills and not the slightest idea of customer satisfaction."
__label__QualityOfService "The most worst  experience I had with Asus is that they don't provide proper after sale service to the customers. I had submitted my handset 10 days earlier but still they are saying that it will take time till 30th Nov 2018 or may extend to 11th Dec 2018, and giving all lame excuses. My suggestion is if you can't provide proper service then stop assuring for I guess you people know what is the necessity of mobile these days."
__label__ProductQuality __label__QualityOfService "Razer phone horrible product even worst costumers service have been trying to get a refund after the first week of having this paper weight of a phone Razer refused any refund. camera  only works 50% of the time fingerprint scanner stops working out of no where and you've released 1 update in the year it's been out and that 1 update bricked a bunch of phones the sound volume which was one of the main reasons I got this phone got limited after update so it's alot lower then most other brands. The phone itself was supposed to come with a 80$ USB c  headphones as the promotion and I was sent the normal 30$ 3.5mm which are useless since this phone doesn't come with that connection. After all these issues they've been having instead of fixing them they go ahead and release a new phone and screw over their existing customers...GJ Razer way a go.."
__label__QualityOfService "Horrible Fraudulent company and customer service, cant even bother to offer a discount code they had before even after purchasing several razer product. Don't bother buying from them"
__label__ProductQuality "Bought a laptop recently and it said it was not able to go through due to lack of authorization. Understandable, perhaps it was simply a basic issue."
__label__QualityOfService "Horrible Customer service   Phone lines are not available on working hours, and chat options aren't much of a help either. My order was delayed by customs and all that was needed was a simple commercial invoice to be attached to the package to further proceed with the order. Nothing has been done about it, still waiting on a response."
__label__ProductQuality __label__QualityOfService "Ordered a brand new Razer Blade Stealth in September 2017. Within the past year, the laptop has had numerous issues (I have sent it in four times for servicing), and the issues continue to persist. Customer service is unhelpful and difficult, and the problem has not been rectified.  Hard to find anything nice to say about a company that touts itself on making premium quality products with the hardware and team to support these assertions."
__label__QualityOfService "Razer has the worst customer service in the USA hands down. I have never dealt with a company so unresponsive. Their products are sometimes okay for a little while but break/malfunction within 6 months. I've been working with them to replace a Razer Wildcat controller. Its been well over a month and they still haven't even shipped a replacement controller. I shipped my defective controller to them weeks ago, the tracking info tells me that it has been signed off on but nobody has contacted me to say it has been received or anything. At this point i'm ready to tell them to keep the replacement, accept the loss, and go buy a controller from someone else.  Please everyone, listen to all of these reviews and go buy products from somewhere else. Even if a particular product has decent reviews, it's not worth dealing with their customer support when it breaks in a few months. Save yourselves the headache"
__label__ProductQuality "Have bad experience with their products. I had their mouse - Lachesis &amp; it lasted only 1 year. After an year it just stopped working (most likely laser died). Had their keyboard Lycosa and it was worst keyboard I ever had. First key letters got washed out easily and second it had some bug, which was making keyboard unresponsive and frozen until you would unplug and replug it. Seems like their products break easily and they spend more afford on packaging rather than on build quality. Worst thing is that their products are very overpriced. I will never ever buy their products!"
__label__ProductQuality "Idk why people say razer is bad. They make great mice and keyboards with excellent quality."
__label__QualityOfService "I ordered a sale desktop PC and monitor from hp.com. they originally said it would take one month to build and ship it. it has been over 1 month and it has not been built yet. I called and asked them to cancel the order and they said they cannot cancel it until after they build it. This makes no sense to me because I no longer want the desktop. To make matters worse they shipped the monitor to me separately but their website says that it was not shipped. I will not be ordering from HP again."
__label__QualityOfService "The worst IT company on the planet: Outdated tech; con merchant, sharks sales team that missell; inept, appalling uncommunicative customer relations team, headed (though im told thats a lie) by the contemptuous oliver dyson, that cannot be contacted; internal communication chaotic; unprofessional, inept tech support (enjoy the laughing and screaming in the background); noone generally knows what is going on. They use heavy marketing to relate to prospective customers then ignore you when theyve suckered you into a purchase.   Theyve had many reshuffles but the end is obviously in sight. Stay away."
__label__ProductQuality __label__QualityOfService "Very disappointed with all HP team, never again . My husband bought me a laptop dor my birthday,  came already damaged (sound,video,battery and usb) i called Customer service they took to repair for 3 times, I'm just tired so i couldn't be bothered to send it again. Was supposed to replace the laptop with a brand new (my husband paid for this when he purchased the laptop)..but no, they ""repaired "" that is even worse than before."
__label__QualityOfService "Bought a HP black/colour refill for &amp;80+ at Walmart, HP put black ink in both cartridges. Their resolution was to UPS me a new set of refills but I refused delivery as it came with a $37.00+ COD bill. HP screwed up, I am not willing to pay for their errors. Sending air printer to land fill an changing to a more reputable company who back their products properly. HP sucks in my opinion an I do not hesitate to let all my friends know as well."
__label__QualityOfService "So i was eager on black friday to get a brand new laptop went onto hp.com got a really nice laptop the Hp Z10 was super excited until my order was cancelled! I was puzzled trying to figure out why i got an email stating that the laptop was incorrectly priced on the website and offered me a $50 voucher for the inconvenience this is really bad customer service first off just cancellingmy order! Why wont they honour the rate which was advertised on the website, its not any customers fault that the item was mispriced i sent an email expressing how disappointed i was about the situation and have yet to receive an email. I would not recommend them to anyone and this is beyond terrible customer service!! Now that black friday is over i cant even get another deal somewhere else...absolutely unacceptable!"
__label__ProductQuality "Don't bother with HP, as there are better and cheaper brands of laptops on the market!"
__label__QualityOfService "There was a Black Friday sale on an HP 17z for 145 bucks. I purchased this deal and later received an email my order was cancelled. I went to chat to find out why and they said there was an error on the website and that was not the correct price there for they cancelled my order. Bad bad way to do business with ppl. Any other company would honor the price. This is ridiculous. Plus I should have read the reviews before purchasing anything from HP. Smh"
__label__QualityOfService "Hewlett-Packard reneged on Black Friday order   My new laptop ordered was confirmed early Black Friday morning (Nov. 23), with estimated shipping date of Dec. 4th. The sales price was about $150 before tax. However, by evening time, HP unilaterally canceled my order per their email below. Any so-called pricing error was on HP’s side. Any good Black Friday deals are gone after the whole day, a $50 coupon does not remedy the situation. HP is utterly untrustworthy and irresponsible. Since this incident, I did some research and found that a few years ago, Michigan state sued HP for its failure to deliver on a $49 million contract. Over the years, HP unilaterally canceled other consumers' orders too, so HP has a history of reneging on its obligations.      --------- From Cto-esc Hpshopping  Nov. 23, 2018  We made a mistake! Unfortunately, we experienced an error with our pricing today on the HP 17z which resulted in your order being cancelled.  We are very sorry and hope you will come back to our site and place a new order for this laptop which will be available tomorrow at its correct price or you can shop now for many other amazing Black Friday deals on great HP tech today through next week. Please visit our website to reorder.  Your original order has been refunded. The refund will reflect on your payment account depending on your bank’s processing time – typically 3 to 5 business days from cancellation.  You will receive a cancellation email to confirm.  As an apology, we would like offer you a gift voucher of $50 for use on our site.  Limited to one per customer and can be redeemed by using the single use code included here.  Please note the code will be live and usable tomorrow, November 24th, and expires on December 31st, 2018.  PS:  At checkout, please enter the code provided above in the Coupon Code box and click Apply.  Warm regards, HP.com Store Customer Service Team"
__label__ProductQuality __label__QualityOfService "I wish I had looked at these reviews sooner.  Purchased a new Spectre 360 at a cost of £1600 most ive ever paid for a laptop. It arrived this morning doesn't even turn on, support not available at weekends. Looked at warranty which is meant to be 12 months but it states it runs out in 8 months!!!"
__label__ProductQuality "If I could give them no stars I would they sell junk I have the hp pavilion, and once a month my laptop decides it doesn’t want to connect to the internet, and I have to spend 3 hours trying to figure out why it won’t connect. I will never buy an hp again they sell trash. I highly don’t recommend them."
__label__QualityOfService "HP Sucks!!!!! Never again!!!! Wish I had seen all these reviews before purchasing my hp spectre x360. It's going on a month and still no laptop! There has been a delay they told me, after assuring me this wouldn't happen. My online classes start on Nov 26th and I have no laptop to do the work. I am waiting for this laptop but at this point, I'm afraid it may not even work. HP has just lost a few customers for good."
__label__ProductQuality __label__QualityOfService "Bought two curved gaming monitors from them as they were advertised as 1ms response time. Turns out that’s only on the fastest setting which makes your screen very dark and you can’t adjust the brightness. So I emailed their support team to ask what response time the normal and fast settings were, so far in 2 weeks I’ve had 4 responses. One says they don’t know and that’s it. And the other 3 all day check the manual (which doesn’t give the information). Extremely unprofessional and rude and I won’t ever buy anything from them again."
__label__ProductQuality "Buy a msi gs70 laptop what a bad idea.  5 month pass  I get screen flickering All little rubber stand is lost Battery got 30% recharge max Wifi got disconnected from the board 5x  Msi support is deep trash."
__label__ProductQuality "Got a decent deal on a really well-spec'd desktop computer but a couple months later the problems began. Frequest BSODs led to an extended, slow-motion customer service exchange which ultimately required me to ship the massive computer back to MSI's Southern California repair facilities at my expense (over $110). I was without the computer for about a month while MSI took their time.  MSI ended up replacing a number of core harwdare components that probably should never have passed QC. I normally buy Dell and I've always had responsive customer service and fast fixes where Dell paid for overnight shipping. MSI also cripples the hardware on their pre-built computers by shipping with a dumbed down BIOS. For example, a standard Intel feature that speeds up video rendering is disabled because MSI won't allow turning on the on-board GPU, even though this is completely possible with the version of BIOS that ships with the same motherboard sold to PC builders. MSI support first told me to to enable the GPU that I had told them was not available in their BIOS, then proceeded to ignore all follow-up messages.  MSI doesn't stand behind their products, so any possible benefit from their well-spec'd hardware is completely negated by their horrible customer support and deficient quality control."
__label__QualityOfService "Current Date Nov 19, 2018  Around The start of October I RMAed my $50 Graphics card to MSI (fan failure) October 10th i recieved a notice that my RMA was on its way back Oct 13th they e-mailed me and said that it had been delivered (Fedex) but I never got it. Oct 18th - wondering what is taking so long i e-mail MSI / Fedex.  Nov 5th - I get an e-mail from MSI saying that they are trying to submit a claim but its not going through, but will keep trying. they never get back to me. Today (called MSI and Fedex) - Here's the deal.  It seems likely the Fedex did deliver my package, however they NEVER asked for me to sign for it.  They didn't ask me to sign for it because MSI didn't request for it to be signed for because it costs the more money to do that. MSI didn't ask me if it needed to be signed for nor even give me an option up front to ask if it should be signed for (as far as I know). If I had known that I needed to request that it had to be signed for I ABSOLUTELY would have requested it because my neighbourhood is not a safe place to drop stuff. However because i didn't request it, its my fault. Not fedex's, not MSI WHO SHIPPED IT IN THE FIRST PLACE. mine.  So if Fedex doesn't accept MSI's claim that they lost I'm out my GPU (which btw MSI tells me will take at least 14 days JUST TO FIND OUT!) Your GPU is gone kid, too bad but its your fault that we wanted to save a few bucks."
__label__ProductQuality __label__QualityOfService "I made the error of purchasing a T303UA laptop from these cowboys. The machine was good, the build quality was good. All was well until I accidentally cracked the class cover on the lcd. Then I had to try to get it repaired. Trying to get it returned was hard enough, Delays in picking the unit up added a week to the repair time but it eventually went on the 12th of June 2017. A hefty but not unexpected quotation arrived for a new screen and I authorised and paid for the repair the very same day. Now I am waiting for ASUS to deliver a new screen from some far flung part of the world as the 'ETA is the 8/8/2018' after which they will repair and return my unit. They will have had my money for 2 months or more (and the laptop) before I see the machine again. PLEASE DO NOT BUY FROM ASUS UNLESS YOU CAN AFFORD TO THROW THE ITEM AWAY"
__label__QualityOfService "emailed them, they refused to do anything as I wasn't a partner, and instead said I should sign up on the forum for tips. Ended up having to sell the GPU on eBay for a loss, I know it's partially my fault for getting one second hand, but I will be trying to avoid MSI products in the future if possible. I went with ASUS after that and it was one of the best choices I could have made."
__label__QualityOfService "Worst service and no maintenance of the building. Pipes are rusty and old and they blame us for damages and make us pay the bills. I do not recommend anyone doing business with MSI."
__label__ProductQuality "MSI Buyers Beware!!!!!!!  Bought a Msi stealth pro 1500bucks for a laptop. 3months in it suddenly dies with more the  half battery life..Finally get my laptop back after 2 weeks wicked stoked go home plug it in turn it on blue screen."
__label__ProductQuality __label__QualityOfService "Build a decent PC!!! this is not acceptable.. 1 year in use... and boom cant even play BFBC2 anymore... it took BF4 at first Low- Mid settings. now it's just a brick... and it gets hot when doing basic tasks. like browsing youtube..  No help from the support. no bios update to maybe fix the problem... no nothing....  GE70-2OE   Dont buy!"
__label__ProductQuality __label__QualityOfService "I had an Asus Laptop X555LA, not a bad laptop but problems with drivers for Wifi and USB ports. Contacted customer support for older versions of drivers and all they can suggest is ""FACTORY RESET"". No trouble shooting no diagnosis no nothing. It could be a machine at the other end just tell people with problems to Factory reset. This will be my first and last ASUS."
__label__QualityOfService "Frustrated - Customer Services are no help at all.  Took 4 minutes getting through with unintelligible messages and options. Asked 3 times if I was over 16 - seemed to be their main concern. Machine running slow - Stock answer... Factory Reset. No diagnostics or alternative."
__label__QualityOfService "Poor company support ,bought an asus gl702vi from amazon and tried to register this ,Was denied registration ,contacted support and they claimed this laptop was registered by someone else ,provided receipt of purchase and they refuse to register this to my account for warranty purposes ,will be forced to legal measures if something occurs due to their poor support and unexcused methods of warranty ."
__label__ProductQuality "Bought the new ASUS widescreen monitor for over £1000.  Within a month a bug crawled in between the backlight and the screen - and died.   The monitor is ruined. There is a big black splodge in the middle of the screen forever."
__label__ProductQuality "A disappointed purchase....Based on a sole purchase a Mouse - Blackadder Elite, ok ish product, wouldn't say it was outstanding, certainly not worth the money.  However purchases from this company should be discouraged as they spread ""bloatware"" - mouse driver was 292 MB OMG - any gain in gaming from a more comfortable mouse was killed 10 fold by such stupidly oversized software - ITS ONLY A MOUSE - with Graphics!  Even ""Adobe Acrobat"" king of all bloatware, isn't this large. I wouldn't mind if it second guessed my moves in a game, but guess what I die just as fast :(  I just see this as a company that markets products under fancy ""Fancy / Killer"" titles, rather than good design. My £10 MS mouse was just as good, if not better."
__label__ProductQuality __label__QualityOfService "WORST COMPANY EVER. Bought a Razer Blade Pro a year ago and it broke down less than a year after purchase. It was sent to Razer all the way in Germany to be repaired, taking nearly three months. It was only sent back to me ('conveniently') after sending several angry emails and asking for a full refund. It broke down again however, after only three months of using it. It was sent back to Razer and after they said it could not be fixed, I was given the refund in store credit. The computer I want is for some reason always out of stock despite them saying that the stock is continually topped up. All this time I have had to work on a crappy borrowed work computer. I demanded a full cash refund and not some store credit than could never be used but have not had a reply from them for over a week. DO NOT EVER BUY ANYTHING FROM RAZER. THEY WILL RIP YOU OFF AND STEAL YOUR MONEY."
__label__QualityOfService "If I could give zero stars I would, let me tell you by saying I have been a long time Razer fan, and owner, I have just about everything with that infamous triple headed snake logo on it, but this company doesn't give a f*** about it's customers, and the customer service is from the depths of hell it self, they play this IDK dumb card and can't EVER ANSWER A STRAIGHT QUESTION... It took them a week to change one number in my address shipping label, after multiple I mean multiple ""yes Dylan we will change that for you"" then I would even have them repeat back to me the correct address and say they will pass the information along and nothing happened... Razers CEO min tan and his team are not stupid people, stupid ppl do not innovate like they do, they know there products are going to fail and I am sure there team is trained to act this way for multiple reasons that I could think of, just enough to buy time and be just above the line of fraudulent... I'm on hold right now, after 27 days of ownership on the new 2018 Razer blade 15 its fried and won't even turn on, I've been on hold for 45 min, they told me no longer than 3 min go figure.... oh and did I mention they weren't even going to fix my laptop... They were just going to send me a replacement without even telling me or informing me, and they bailsically hinted at that they don't need to inform the customer about that... No where in the email did it say anything about that... Those scammers that call you from India about your computer having a virus have better customer support than Razer lol.... Buyer beware!"
__label__QualityOfService "Bought a $14 dollar game, was told I had to wait for manual review. Then got emailed saying they needed a picture of my drivers license. So here I am a day later out my money pictures of my id on Razors servers and still waiting to get my code for my game. Avoid at all costs."
__label__QualityOfService "July 20th - contacted support via live chat, told to speak to systems support July 20th - contacted support via live chat, told I would recieve email within 24-48 hours July 23rd - No response, contacted support via live chat, told 'I will set your case to highest priority so that they will contact your as quickly as we can.' July 24th - recieved amail requesting info for RMA, responded stating my rights and requesting a full refund on order and supplied RMA details immediately July 27th - No response, contacted support via live chat, told 'I will update on the case, Benjamin. And will also request for an email confirmation on how we should proceed or the status of the order. ' July 31st - recieved email offering immediate store credit or to forward to management team for approval of refund, replied immediately again requesting full refund August 2nd - No response, contacted support via live chat, told I would recieve email within 2-3 business days August 7th - No response, contacted support via live chat, told I would recieve email 'Within 3-4 business days I suppose. IK really cannot guarantee. ' August 10th - No response, contacted suppport via live chat, told I would recieve email within 2-3 business days August 11th - recieved email informing me that the refund request was already forwarded to the management team and awaiting reply August 16th - No response, contacted support via live chat, told ' A representative from our EU department team is currently working this case right now and what I can do here is to make an urgent request for them to provide you the refund immediately.'       useless"
__label__ProductQuality "U have none to talk with... I got chroma mamba mouse now from the begining the cable made some trouble...  Anyway i didnt notice its from the mouse... just guess ""well its my computer no way new mouse..."" but after like 30 days i really understand its from the cable mouse... Go buy new one They only had to send a new cable... a big company like that cant afford that its not a big company!"
__label__QualityOfService "I like their products, but their online store and related ""security"" nonsense is outrageous.  And their customer service is useless.   Full story  Today I wanted to buy a mouse from their online store.  I filled the online purchase form with all data correct.  My shipping address was different than my billing address, as I wanted to receive the items at work (where I am most during business hours).  After maybe half an hour the page confirmed the transaction, I received an email from Razer stating my order was ""unsuccessful"" and to contact customer service.  I then started online chatting with a customer service rep, who asked me ""security questions"" - including the name of my employer!  Fair enough, that was in the order shipping address anyway, but so was my e-mail, so all that was quite a pointless waste of time.  He told me I would receive a call from their customer service.  After a few hours waiting, I decided to open an online chat once again.  Got through with a different customer service rep, who finally managed to get me called for whatever ""security"" checks they had, not before asking me where I was right now, as in physically (did not specify a reason - I live in a northern European country, not some banana republic by the way).  During the call, another employee tried to ask me for my work e-mail, which I obviously refused to disclose. Then she said I'd receive an e-mail at my personal e-mail address, with whatever ""security"" questions they had (which she did not disclose).  I stressed on the fact that they had wasted enough of my time, and that if this transaction was not solved by today end of business, they should consider the order as canceled.  It's nearly 17 right now, so I will contact another customer service rep through chat to ensure that my order really is canceled.   I will then proceed and never buy a Razer product ever again.   There are multiple issues here I want to stretch on.   1) Every normal online store will allow you to choose a different shipping address from your billing address without issues 2) An online transaction with correct addresses, phone numbers and card details should be successful (as long as the bank itself approves the payment obviously) 3) No online store retailer should ever ask you for any detail that's not relevant to the transaction (in my case, my current location and my work e-mail address, which was not used for the purchase) 4) Wasting prospective customers hours of their time and preventing them from purchasing for undisclosed ""security"" issues is an appalling business conduct, that should be sanctioned by factual boycott.   The business appears as ""unclaimed"" here (so these clowns might not even know or care what the customers think of them), and there is a duplicate thread for ""razerzone.com"" where I posted the original review.   Caveat emptor."
__label__ProductQuality "They sell overpriced gaming products made by cheap plastic components, they break easily.  Stay away from this company."
__label__QualityOfService "Customer Service doesn't care.  They don't care if you meet their insane demands for a copy of your passport or not.   They don't care if you cancel your order.  They don't care if you receive a refund.  They just don't give a s**t one way or the other.  It's like being at one of those insult-themed restaurants without knowing it.  I tried to purchase a $15.00 USD game and they wanted a photo of my ID, DL, or passport.  FOR A 15 DOLLAR GAME.  Insane.  I said no, they waited 3 days remind me of their request.  Charged my account and never delivered the activation code because I wouldn't send them PII.  Never again.  We'll see if I get my money back....."
__label__ProductQuality "In Youtube people have tested how many fps does razer CORTEX boost there was only 3-5 fps increace and thats not alot but anyway i wish i had your products like the mouse and keyboard and maybe headphones"
__label__ProductQuality "I've owned many Razer products so I'd like to think I've had a fair understanding of Razer products (I've probably spent around £1000 totalled).   Mice:  The first naga (2014) I had middle click broke outside of warranty so I got the 2016 Naga and the tracking doesn't work properly. I did contact them to resolve this but they wanted a video of the issue happening and it only happened sporadically, I thought the issue fixed itself but a couple of months later it got really bad and now it's out of warranty and the mouse is pretty much unusable in games. In terms of quality the mice are good but in terms of reliability they're beyond poor considering my current 100% failure rate.  Audio: I've owned two headsets &amp; two IEMS. The elektra was decent but the Chimera (?) was terrible, very flimsy and generally poor audio quality. Since then I've owned quite a few headsets from other brands (Corsair 2100's, Hyperx Cloud, astro's, turtlebeaches etc) and for the same price you can do better. I owned two pairs of the Razer Hammerhead pro's and both broke in under a year, I replaced them with Sennheiser Momentums which have done me well and not broke.  Keyboards: The keyboards are good, never had issues with them. I've owned the 2013 and 2016 Blackwidow Ultimate keyboards.  tl;dr Razer products have a super high failure rate for me. Products from competitor brands on the other hand have a very low failure rate for me, I can't remember when a peripheral device has broken for me that wasn't a Razer device.. I'm personally very disappointed with Razer products considering the price."
__label__QualityOfService "Besides support being almost useless as they take their sweet time to answer and have no idea how to solve the problem."
__label__QualityOfService "Worst customer service EVER!!! Buyer beware!  After buying a $1000 laptop, the LCD screen broke. I requested to return the laptop to MSI to fix it. It all started off when I needed the serial code in order to fill out the return form. The serial no. had rubbed off of the bottom of the laptop. I called them about this, and after being on hold for 45 minutes(!!) they told me to use the serial code off of the charger. I did precisely that and returned the laptop to their return adress in Poland. They provided me with a repair-tracking link which I kept checking up on. The tracking link provided to me by UPS said that my laptop had already been delivered to the MSI adress in Poland 3 days ago whilst the repair-tracking link was stuck on ""approved"" and still hadn't moved forward to ""received"". I e-mailed them about this and never got a reply. I called them a week later. This is when they told me they had changed the serial no. I put in (you know, the one from the charger) to the serial code from the bottom of the laptop. Because of this, I was tracking the repair status of the charger of my laptop instead of the actual laptop itself. They never informed me about this change. They then told me that, after four weeks!!!, the laptop was already on it's way back to the Netherlands (with nearly a week of delay). They were going to provide me with the correct tracking link for the UPS parcel which held my laptop the very same day- this was a friday. Except they didn't. And since they're not available on the weekends I had to wait until the next monday, 9 am before I could make another phone call. This was the day they told me the laptop was supposed to be delivered to my house. I just got off of a week of night shifts and was not in the mood for the doorbell ringing constantly so I stayed up 'till 9 to call them to ask them to PLEASE send me the tracking information. They finally did so and only for me to find out the parcel hadn't even made it from the Netherlands yet and had been sent 2 days AFTER MSI told me the parcel was sent.   Am very disappointed in their customer service. After spending this much money on a laptop I seriously expected a higher level of quality service. I've been very let down and frustrated by this and will strongly advise other consumers to not buy from MSI but get another brand of laptop instead."
__label__ProductQuality "G752VY which i spent around 1.2 grand on has just given up in a number of ways, the screen and then constant stuttering and my laptop goes crazy after a period of use and my fans blow out at 100%. I did my first RMA and it got given back with the majority of the issues still there, a  new screen was given but after a week of use a god damn pixel line appeared on it suggesting poor workmanship and issues still persist. The new screen looked far worse compared to my original also. I don't trust my laptop to last or for my laptop to come back in working condition from this second RMA. It is disgusting how poor this laptop lasted and will be looking to take this to small claim courts if needed as i do not want to be left with this laptop. Furthermore, i gave my laptop to my first RMA in immaculate condition, dusty and somewhat dirty but immaculate. I noticed when giving my laptop to DPD for the second RMA that there was scratches all over the laptop bodywork."
__label__ProductQuality __label__QualityOfService "Laptop was obsolete within a year due to poor design according to an expert I consulted. Have contacted ASUS several times but they don’t even respond."
__label__QualityOfService "Very poor support service and RMA process for their products.  NEVER WASTE your precious money paying a lot of expensive , poor value for money JUNK from them as thats what it will be in a year ! even though the warranty is for 3 years and they will make you go through hell to get support. And apologies for inconvenience as though they mean it.  STAY AWAY FROM ASUS, there are much better companies like Cisco, Netgear etc."
__label__ProductQuality "Great quality laptops at a great price from a great company. Would happily recommend to anybody wanting a laptop that can play games and operate speedily (the X555LAB model is particularly good)."
__label__ProductQuality "Asus Zenfone 5z is very bad phone don't buy.. I make mistake plz don't buy xiomi is bst now in days.."
__label__ProductQuality "Terrible computer. Paid nearly £1000 for top of the range all in one Asus Zen computer. It is the worst computer i have ever owned. Very slow at booting up and the more programs/apps you put on the slower it gets."
__label__ProductQuality "For 2nd time in 3 years touch pad not working."
__label__QualityOfService "its crazy how you can push out products and have no kinda replacement parts for headphones(kraken) via  adjuster arm\bar is only  2 pieces it self just foam ear cups...even with an active warranty and or willing to just flat out pay it to be fixed properly done im told im S~outta luck. nothing can be done.?!?  absolute madness i say,"
__label__ProductQuality __label__QualityOfService "I wish i could give zero stars. Had one Razer phone which developed a fault after 12 DAYS!!. The customer service and technical support were so bad, my mobile provider had to step in to get a replacement to me. Second phone has now developed a fault with the screen. They have you waiting for weeks for a response (not the 24/48 hours they tell you) and when you chase on the phone they tell you to keep waiting. They pass you from person to person, I was even transferred to America where they couldn't go because I was a European customer and they didn't know why I was transferred but confirmed my issue had never been logged from my first call, 3 weeks later.  The staff take no responsibility for any cases and just palm you off with the standard excuse every time you call to check on the progress. The team that actually deals with anything don't have a direct line and if you want a callback.. forget about it because it doesn't happen. They say yes we can give you a refund then they say no we cant.. WORST COMPANY EVER!!! and you give Three a bad name because they are dealing with you. Over priced off bad build quality and lacking the customer service to help when things do go wrong. They simply do not care once the money has been taken from you! Avoid!!!"
__label__QualityOfService "I cannot explain how bad this company is, everything is bad, customer service, payment system. they don't give a fck about you they just want your money and that's it. And honestly, I have never bought anything from them and didn't even had any contact with them however I trust other reviews and just doing what they are doing."
__label__QualityOfService "Complaint Letter! Attention! Very dangerous shop! With the purchase of goods MSI in MediaMarkt stores you can be in a very uncomfortable situation. I bought a gaming laptop for 1300 euros, MSI GP72M 7.RD, on the aluminum keyboard near the spacebar, there were two notches on the outside of the screen from the inside of the laptop, since the screen was not damaged, I thought that there would be no problems and the store will not be notified and will not return the laptop. A month later, while carrying a laptop in a suitcase, these two notches pierced the screen symmetrically. I took the laptop for repair. For two months I received only the refusal of the free repair.  The first version of the service center was that the laptop fell and therefore the screen was stuck. The second version was that the laptop was pushed. The third version was that there was a clip between the screen and the keyboard, or something that pierced both the screen and the aluminum keyboard. There are no questions about what happened with the aluminum keyboard for two months and there were no answers. When they handed the laptop over to the store for service, the staff were extremely unfriendly, as he himself was guilty, having to carry the laptop back to the store immediately after opening the box. But the question is, where in the documents is that if you find a notch on the aluminum keyboard, then immediately carry the laptop back?  After two months of finding a laptop on duty, the notches were reportedly not going from the inside of the case as they were, but inside. Now to prove how it was impossible at first. And the question to the service, how and how to allegedly pierce the screen and the aluminum keyboard, so that, apart from two points, no traces are left, remains unanswered. The result, I can not get a laptop out of repair for two months. The bill for the repair of the screen was sent to 260 euros, and within two months the service does not confirm in writing a notch on the aluminum keyboard. All that remains is to sue the shop and the manufacturer, terminate the contract and return their money to 1300 euros and forget about the MSI and the media market.   Vorsicht! Achtung! Mit dem Kauf von Waren MSI in MediaMarkt-Läden können Sie in einer sehr unangenehmen Situation sein. Ich kaufte ein Gaming-Laptop für 1300 Euro, MSI GP72M 7.RD, auf der Aluminium-Tastatur in der Nähe der Leertaste gab es zwei Kerben auf der Außenseite des Bildschirms aus dem Inneren des Laptops, da der Bildschirm nicht beschädigt war, dachte ich, dass es keine Probleme geben würde und der Laden nicht benachrichtigt und nicht den Laptop zurück . Einen Monat später, beim Transport eines Laptops in einem Koffer, durchbohrten diese beiden Kerben den Bildschirm symmetrisch. Ich nahm den Laptop zur Reparatur. Zwei Monate lang erhielt ich nur die Ablehnung der kostenlosen Reparatur.  Die erste Version vom Service Center war, dass der Laptop fiel und der Bildschirm daher durchstochen wurde. Die zweite Version war, dass der Laptop geschoben wurde. Die dritte Version war, dass es einen Clip zwischen dem Bildschirm und der Tastatur gab oder etwas, das sowohl den Bildschirm als auch die Aluminiumtastatur durchbohrte. Es gibt keine Fragen zu den Fragen, was mit der Aluminiumtastatur seit zwei Monaten passiert und es gab keine Antworten. Als sie den Laptop an den Laden übergaben, um zum Service geschickt zu werden, waren die Mitarbeiter extrem unfreundlich, so wie er selbst schuld war, er musste sie sofort nach dem Öffnen der Box, dem Laptop zurück zum Laden tragen. Aber die Frage ist, wo in den Dokumenten ist, dass, wenn Sie eine Kerbe auf der Aluminiumtastatur finden, dann sofort den Laptop zurück tragen?  Nachdem sie zwei Monate lang einen Laptop im Dienst gefunden hatten, wurden die Kerben angeblich nicht von der Innenseite des Gehäuses nach außen wie sie waren, sondern drinnen. Jetzt zu beweisen, wie es zunächst unmöglich war. Und die Frage an den Dienst, wie und wie man angeblich den Bildschirm und die Aluminiumtastatur durchbohren soll, so dass, abgesehen von zwei Punkten, keine Spuren mehr vorhanden sind, bleibt unbeantwortet. Das Ergebnis, ich kann einen Laptop zwei Monate lang nicht aus der Reparatur bringen. Die Rechnung für die Reparatur des Bildschirms wurde an 260 Euro gesendet, und innerhalb von zwei Monaten bestätigt der Dienst nicht schriftlich eine Kerbe auf der Aluminiumtastatur. Es bleibt nur, das Geschäft und den Hersteller zu verklagen, den Kaufvertrag zu kündigen und ihr Geld 1300 Euro zurückzugeben und den MSI und über den Mediamarkt zu vergessen."
__label__QualityOfService "ABSOLUTELY the worst company I have ever had the misfortune to deal with! Been on this planet coming up half a century and I've never come across a poorer service, be mindful of any promotion with MSI with regards to free game with graphics card purchase, promotional offer also involves NVIDIA and UBISOFT coming up 4 weeks of being sent backwards and forwards MSI advisors who laugh at you openly on a call, no UK customer service advisors to talk to over the phone with only a recorded message that cuts you off after playing for the graphics card option and only advisors who will pick up the phone for notebook lines which is not department you want! It is obvious once you've spent your hard earned money on an MSI Graphics Card they are not interested! It's obvious that the promotion is only there to persuade you to purchase but then company will go around the houses to honor it the fact that I've received the season pass part of offer and not the game code shows its clearly eligible! Spend over £700 after offer of game deciding factor baring in mind most competitors cards ie, Asus in similar brackets price range wise and they stiff you over a game code which to them retail would be minimal cost!, quite convenient no UK customer service advisor to deal with especially in regard to UK sales of goods rules! Quite convenient! Wish I could post all the emails to this site think everyone should be warned about this company"
__label__ProductQuality "MSI will use cheap components for the keyboard on their gaming notebooks and claim ""excessive use"" and attempt to charge you about 1/5th of the laptop price to ""repair it"" citing out of warranty means.  Screw them.  BUYER BEWARE!  Go with Sager or ANYONE else."
__label__ProductQuality "Bought a Laptop from them, Space-bar key starts acting up and the hinge around the screen has a massive gap in it, send it back for RMA. RMA fixed the keyboard but ignored the hinge. Sent it back for the Hinge, Hinge fixed  screen starts to flicker. Called up ASUS Customer support, says I need to send it back for another RMA, does so. Screen fixed Enter key is broken - either they didn't fix it initially or they broke it, file for another RMA, RMA had some issues, so I called up ASUS, but they collected anyways. Checked online, turns out I could've asked for a refund as they already have tried 2 times to fix my laptop, but its too late because it took them a month to reach this point and my 6-month period is over.  Never buying another ASUS product again."